Adds `hasLink` test for examples; update ~37 descriptions to pass (#474)
mapbox/mapbox-gl-js-docs: docs/pages/example/satellite-map.md

- "import html from './satellite-map.html';"
---

> This example shows how to display a satellite raster baselayer on a web map.

Reviewer: I think we should reword this. I think since this was originally written we've since started using "baselayer" to refer specifically to styles designed in Studio Classic (https://docs.mapbox.com/help/glossary/baselayer/). Maybe:
```suggestion
This example shows how to initialize a map using the [Mapbox Satellite](https://www.mapbox.com/maps/satellite/) style.
```

Author: I was wondering about this – thank you, I'll remove the other baselayer references as well.
